Engagement Guess My Phone Password
Got it right, I'll think about getting engaged
It's your birthday!
No.
Old lady's birthday
Not right either
If you make three mistakes, you can't get engaged?
I seem to be joking
I know if it was the day we met
Hey
Sister Shen Xiu, you can't be fooled
Don't say tired
You are the Empress
It doesn't matter who you are and who I am
The important thing is that I can give you what you want.
There are 5 million
I want you to help me deal with Sucho
Miss, you'd better go back
Sucho
I'm more advanced than him
I can't handle him.
I know you've suffered from Sucho before
Even if you practice technology, you still can't deal with it
But no matter how powerful Su Qiao is
After all, it is a body and a mortal is a human being
Weakness
As long as you help me make a well workover
Let me replace Su Qiang
I'll help you find his weakness
Deadly
Take it back and drink it
In this way, stomach gas will be produced in your body.
Can control the mind